Anyway, since you still say that
Then please defend yourself
Your grandfather saved my life back then
I have returned it.
From now on, I won't be in your business anymore
stand
Although I am completely disappointed in you
But this time you saved me
You take the money
No need, I already said it
This time I went there.
Report your grandfather's life-saving grace to me back then
I'm done paying it back.
From now on
I don't owe your family anything
No, you take it.
This is the money for you to leave.
Today you offended Master Xiao for saving me
With his teething personality
I won't let you go.
And you go as far as you can with this money.
Don't go back to Yancheng
I will not leave Yancheng
You don't have to say anything extra
Our five-year relationship as husband and wife is over
You and I will be separated from each other from now on
Lifelong
Longyuan
I hope you can have a career of your own
Don't always think about eating soft rice
You and I are not from the same world after all
Qianjiang, are you alright?
Damn it, Xiao Lingqing actually dares to hit on you
And when I get the chance, I'm going to argue with him.
Oh, dear.
I really didn't expect Xiao Lingqing to be the young master of the Xiao family
To do such a thing
Really hateful
I'm fine.
At the critical moment, Ye Longyuan rushed in and saved me
Ye Longyuan Qianjiao, are you mistaken?
It is Shaojie who is looking for connections to ask Tianmen people to help
Then the Holy King will come to save you
Xiao Lingqing's bodyguards
It's all solved by the Holy King
Pardon me?
It's the Holy King
Not Ye Longyuan